updating to new procedure (#7695)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/manage-phone-numbers-for-your-organization/phone-number-management-for-the-u-s.md

|Get phone numbers transferred to us.  <br/> | Download one of these forms: <br/> [Letter of Authorization (LOA) for the United States (user and service numbers) (v.3.3)(en-us)](https://download.microsoft.com/download/7/3/8/73843692-632f-4078-874d-021f9680e12b/letter-of-authorization-(loa)-for-the-u.s.-(user-and-service-numbers)-(v.3.3)-(en-us).pdf)<br/>[Letter of Authorization (LOA) for the United States (toll free numbers) (v.3.3)(en-us)](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness/blob/live/Teams/downloads/LOA-forms/letter-of-authorization-(loa)-for-the-u.s.-(toll-free-numbers)-(v.3.3)-(en-us).pdf?raw=true)<br/><br/>**Note** If you are trying to get more than 999 subscriber or user phone numbers, you will need to fill out a Letter of Authorization (LOA) and send it to us. See [Transfer phone numbers to Teams](../phone-number-calling-plans/transfer-phone-numbers-to-teams.md) for more information.          <br/>  <br/>   Fill it out and [contact the PTSN Service Desk for instructions](contact-pstn-service-desk.md).  <br/> |

> |Change a user's number to a service number or a service number to a user's number  <br/> |Log into the Teams Admin Center, go to the "Phone Numbers" page and click on the "Get phone number support" button.  <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Change a user's number to a service number or a service number to a user's number  <br/> |Log into the Teams Admin Center, go to the "Phone Numbers" page, and select **Get phone number support**.  <br/> |
```
